https://stackoverflow.com/questions/11983875/what-does-the-thread-local-mean-in-c11

## Storage class specifiers
1. auto
2. register
3. static
4. extern
5. thread_local
6. mutable


https://en.cppreference.com/w/cpp/language/cv
1. const object 
- an object whose type is const-qualified, or a non-mutable subobject of a const object. Such object cannot be modified: attempt to do so directly is a compile-time error, and attempt to do so indirectly (e.g., by modifying the const object through a reference or pointer to non-const type) results in undefined behavior.
2. volatile object 
- an object whose type is volatile-qualified, or a subobject of a volatile object, or a mutable subobject of a const-volatile object. Every access (read or write operation, member function call, etc.) made through a glvalue expression of volatile-qualified type is treated as a visible side-effect for the purposes of optimization (that is, within a single thread of execution, volatile accesses cannot be optimized out or reordered with another visible side effect that is sequenced-before or sequenced-after the volatile access. This makes volatile objects suitable for communication with a signal handler, but not with another thread of execution, see std::memory_order). Any attempt to access a volatile object through a glvalue of non-volatile type (e.g. through a reference or pointer to non-volatile type) results in undefined behavior.
3. const volatile object 
- an object whose type is const-volatile-qualified, a non-mutable subobject of a const volatile object, a const subobject of a volatile object, or a non-mutable volatile subobject of a const object. Behaves as both a const object and as a volatile object. 

Each cv-qualifier (const and volatile) can appear at most once in any cv-qualifier sequence. For example, const const and volatile const volatile are not valid cv-qualifier sequences. 

